Document copy/translation/i18n/PO file process (#1447)
cal-itp/benefits: docs/product-and-design/copy-delivery.md

- Engage with copy writers to get the English language copy drafted, proofed and ready for design.
- Engage with client editorial/communications team to ensure English language and Spanish language copy are edited according to client style guides.
- Engage all necessary stakeholders to get English language copy approved and ready for design.
- Compile copy in [Cal-ITP Benefits Application Copy (Configurable Strings)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_Gi_YbJr4ZuXCOsnOWaewvHqUO1nC1nKqiVDHvw0118/edit#gid=0), ready to be used by Design, so Design can sync the spreadsheet to Figma.
- Engage with the translation agency, [iBabbleOn](https://ibabbleon.com/), to get Spanish translations ready for Engineering.
- Transfer translations from iBabbleOn to the spreadsheet, in proper format.
- Ensure English and Spanish copy is ready for Engineering.

### Design

- Sync copy from [Cal-ITP Benefits Application Copy (Configurable Strings)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_Gi_YbJr4ZuXCOsnOWaewvHqUO1nC1nKqiVDHvw0118/edit#gid=0) into Figma.
- Ensure the string is in the appropriate column (e.g. `Subtitle`, `ButtonLabel`)

### Engineering

> - Use copy from the English and Spanish language tabs of the spreadsheet, and turning it into code in `django.po` message files. Developer-specific instructions in the [Django message files technical documentation](https://docs.calitp.org/benefits/development/i18n/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use copy from the English and Spanish language tabs of the spreadsheet, and turning it into code in `django.po` message files. Developer-specific instructions in the [Django message files technical documentation](../development/i18n.md).
```

Reviewer: We can (should) just use the local file link for pages in our docs site -- this way the links will work e.g. locally (and keep you on the local site), and it works against pages that are being created / don't exist on prod yet.
